We've discussed the exploration
exploitation trade-off
the key point that the agent must
occasionally take suboptimal exploratory
actions potentially receiving less reward,
but
maybe we do not need to make this
trade off at all in this video.
We'll discuss a new way of learning value
functions called off policy learning
by the end of this video you will
be able to understand how off
policy learning can help deal
with the expiration problem.
You will also be able to produce
examples of Target policies and
examples of behavior policies.
Epsilon's are policies help with
the continual exploration Problem
by having some small probability
of exploring on each time step.
The disadvantage of Epsilon soft
policies is that they are suboptimal for
both acting and learning Epsilon soft
policies are neither optimal policies for
obtaining reward nor are the optimal for
exploring to find the best actions so
far throughout this course,
we have implicitly been discussing
on policy learning though.
We have not yet
made a big deal of that name.
It on policy learning the agent
learns about the policy
used to generate the data.
What does it mean to learn about
a policy and policy evaluation?
We simply mean learning
the value function in control.
We mean learning the optimal policy
it off policy learning the agent
learns about a policy from data generated
by following a different policy.
That is the policy that we
are learning is off the policy.
They we are using for Action selection.
For example, you could learn the optimal
policy while following a totally random
policy we call the policy that the agent
is learning the target policy because it
is the target of the agents learning the
target policy is usually denoted by pie.
The value function that the agent is
learning is based on the target policy
one example of a Target
policy is the optimal policy
we call the policy that the agent is using
to select actions the behavior policy
because it defines our agents Behavior.
The behavior policy is
usually denoted by B.
The behavior policy is in charge of
selecting actions for the agent.
The behavior policies shown here
is the uniform random policy.
So why are we to coupling
the behavior from the target policy?
Because it provides another strategy for
continual exploration.
If our agent behaves according to
the Target policy it might only experience
a small number of states.
If our aging can behave according to
a policy that favors exploration.
It can experience a much
larger number of states.
There are actually a few other useful
applications of off policy learning such
as learning from demonstration and
parallel learning but
facilitating exploration is
one of the main motivators.
One key rule of off policy learning is
that the behavior policy must cover
the target policy?
In other words, if the target policy says
the probability of selecting an action
a given State s is greater than zero
then the behavior policy must say
the probability of selecting that action
in that state is greater than 0 there
is a key mathematical reason for this that
we will discuss in an upcoming video.
But there's also an intuitive
reason that we show here
consider this state with the behavior
policy always goes up but the target
policy goes to the right the agent cannot
learn the correct action value for
that state because a never observed
samples of what would happen.
If it goes right maybe gets a reward
of plus 1 million it would never know.
It's worth noting that off policy learning
is a strict generalization of on policy
learning on policies the specific
case where the target policy is
equal to the behavior policy.
That's it for this video.
The key points to take away from today are
that off policy learning is another way
to obtain continual exploration.
The policy that we are learning
is called the target policy and
the policy that we are choosing
actions from is the behavior policy.